Five Little Pigs 
 
Victim-Amyas Crale
Convict of Crime-Caroline Carla(Wife of victim)
Reason of death-Poisoned by CONIINE
5 little pigs are (Suspects)
1-Philip Blake(dear friend to victim)stockbrocker,this little pig went to market
2-Meredith Blake(friend) Herbalist ,this little pig stayed at home
3-Elsa Greer(Young Lover) this little pig had roast beef
4-Cecilia Williams(devoted governess) this little pig had none 
5-Angela Warren(half-sister of Caroline)A disfigured Achaeologist this little pig cried wee wee wee all the way home.

Harry Potter 

Prophecy:->"THE ONE WITH POWER TO VANQUISH THE DARK LORD APPROACHES...BORN TO THOSE WHO THRICE DEFIED HIM,BORN AS SEVENTH MONTH DIES.....
AND THE DARK LORD WILL MARK HIM AS EQUAL,BUT HE HAVE THE POWER DARK LORD KNOWS NOT...AND EITHER MUST DIE AT THE HAND OF THE OTHER FOR NEITHER
CAN LIVE WHILE THE OTHER SURVIVES...THE ONE WITH THE POWER TO VANQUISH WILL BE BORN AS SEVENTH MONTH DIES..."  

10-09-2020 09:03 hours
Past is a Ghost more you think about it more you feel afraid , merely by not paying attention you can just free from the hunting ghost .Now present ,well present is part of existence you can not really deny
it you can just have to accept the fact living in present is best thing we can do . And future is the mystery , unpredictable , unreachable , and in the element hidden beauty of life the uncertainties.Now 
only fair thing to do is hope (the most powerful and dangerous thing) for best from the future.

Harry Potter 
Elder wand - Wand of Destiny ,The Deathstick 
It is one of the Deathly Hallows other being the Resurrection stone and the Clock of Invisibility. The ELDER WAND is said to be the most
powerful wand that had ever existed.It was incredible power  and is able to perform tremendous feats of magic.It is made from Elder wand
and the tail hair of Threstral.The origin of wand is unclear some say the wand is created by Death himself.Some assumes it may have been 
created by the eldest of three Peverell brother,Antioch.
There are gaps ,of course and long ones , where it vanishes from view , temporaily lost or hidden ; but it always resurfaces.It has certain
identifying characteristics that those who are learned in wandlore recognise...Wheather it needs to pass by murder no one knows
After all it is assumed to be made by DEATH himself.

14-09-2020 17:02
Life is unpredictable , not everthing is in our control .As long as you're with the right people , you can handle everthing  

17-09-2020
We live in the twilight world ... And there are no friends at dusk

18-09-2020
new begining

20-10-2020
Live is unpredictable not every thing is our control but as long as we are with right people we can handle everthing..."Det Santiago"
Why do we fall Bruce ...We fall to learn to pick ourself up again...


Tyger .... by Williams Blake

Tyger Tyger burning bright,
In the forest of the night.
What immortal hand or eye,
Could fame thy fearful symmetry?

In what distant deeps or skies,
Burnt the fire of thine eyes?
On what wings dare he aspires?
What the hand dare seize the fire?

And what shoulder, & what art,
Could twist the sinews of thy heart?
And when thy heart begin to beat,
What dread hand ? & what dread feet?

What the hammer ? what the chain,
In what furnace was thy brain ?
What the avail? what dread grasp,
Dare its deadly terrors clasp!

When the star threw down their spears
And water'd heaven with their tears:
Did he smile his work to see?
Did he who make the Lamb make thee?

Tyger Tyger burning bright,
In the forest of the night.
What immortal hand or eye,
Could fame thy fearful symmetry? 

LATIN PHRASES->

VENI VIDI VICI - I came ,I saw, I conquered
These famous words were purported uttered by Roman emperor Julius Caesar after a short war with Pharnaces II of Pontus. Translated, it means “I came, I saw, I conquered”

DEUS EX MACHINA- God from the Machine
Deus ex Machina is when a hopeless situation is suddenly solved by an unexpected occurrence. 
Deus ex machina, (Latin: “god from the machine”) a person or thing that appears or is introduced into a situation suddenly and unexpectedly and provides an artificial or contrived solution to an apparently
insoluble difficulty.Since ancient times, the phrase has also been applied to an unexpected saviour or to an improbable event that brings order out of chaos (e.g., the arrival, in time to avert tragedy, 
of the U.S. cavalry in a western film).

SIC MUNDUS CREATUS EST-Thus the World was created


Chess-
ZUGZWANG-compulsion to move
a situation in which the obligation to make a move in one's turn is a serious, often decisive, disadvantage.
Compulsion to Move
The title is a German word meaning "compulsion to move," and refers to a situation in Chess wherein one player is put at a disadvantage because they must make a move when they would prefer to pass and not move

Star Trek
KOBAYASHI MARU-no-win scenario
The Kobayashi Maru is a training exercise in the fictional Star Trek universe designed to test the character of Starfleet Academy cadets in a no-win scenario. ... The disabled ship is located in the Klingon 
Neutral Zone, and any Starfleet ship entering the zone would cause an interstellar border incident.

Renaissance
The Renaissance was a fervent period of European cultural, artistic, political and economic “rebirth” following the Middle Ages. Generally described as taking place from the 14th century to the 17th 
century, the Renaissance promoted the rediscovery of classical philosophy, literature and art.

Daredevil
S 1 07 : 20:33 There are no heroes no villains just people with different agenda

Jurraic park book
In computer terminology, an
“object” was a block of code that could be moved around and used, the
way you might move a chair in a room. An object might be a set of
commands to draw a picture, or to refresh the screen, or to perform a
certain calculation

Harry Potter death explaination
Deadly Hallows
Kings Cross
“Without meaning to, as you now know, Lord Voldemort doubled the bond between you when he returned to a human form. A part of his soul was still attached to yours, and, thinking to strengthen himself,
he took a part of your mother’s sacrifice into himself. If he could only have understood the precise and terrible power of that sacrifice, he would not, perhaps, had dared to touch your blood.... 
But then, if he had been able to understand, he could not be Lord Voldemort, and might never have murdered at all."


Hannibal quotes

" The most stable elements, Chiyoh, appear in the middle of the periodic table, roughly between iron and silver. Between iron and silver... I think that's appropriate for you."
-Hannibal

“It’s hard to have anything isn’t it? Rare to get it, hard to keep it. Damn slippery life.” -Dr Gideon

"It is hard to be with someone , when you can not get out your own head" -Dr Gideon

"Most of what we do, most of what we believe is motivated by death." -Hannibal

"When life becomes maddeningly polite, think about me. Think about me, Will, don't worry about me".-Hannibal

“I let you know me, see me. I gave you a rare gift, but you didn’t want it” -Hannibal

"Killing must feel good to god too, he does it all the time." "And aren't we created in his image" -Hannibal

"Fear comes with imagination , it is the price of imagination" -Jack Crowford

"If I saw you every day for the rest of my life, I would remember this moment." -Hannibal

"Strange seeing you here in front of me. Been staring at afterimages of you in places you haven't been in years" -Will Graham

"Where does the difference between the past and the future come from?" -Hannibal

"Every crime of yours... feels like one I am guilty of. Not just Abigail's murder, every murder... stretching backward and forward in time." -Will Graham

"Freeing yourself from me and... me freeing myself from you, they're the same." -Hannibal

"We're conjoined. I'm curious whether either of us can survive separation." -Will Graham

--------------------------------------------------

Picking a favorite quote from  episodes of hannibal

season 1:

ep1: Please, don't psychoanalyze me. You won't like me when I'm psychoanalyzed.

ep2: Killing must feel good to God, too. He does it all the time, and are we not created in his image? - Depends on who you ask.

ep4: Sometimes at night, I leave the lights on in my little house, and walk across the flat fields. When I look back from a distance, the house is like a boat on the sea. 
It’s really the only time I feel safe.

ep6: It’s nice to have an old friend for dinner

season 2:

ep9: No one can be fully aware of another human being unless we love them. By that love we see potential in our beloved. Through that love we allow our beloved to see their potential. Expressing that love, our beloved's potential comes true.

ep11: “Occasionally I drop a teacup to shatter on the floor. On purpose. I’m not satisfied when it doesn’t gather itself up again. Someday, perhaps a cup will come together.”

ep12: Whenever feasible, one should always try to eat the rude.

ep13: I have let you know me, see me. I gave you a rare gift, but you didn't want it.

Dr. Hannibal Lecter: "Do you believe you could change me, the way I've changed you?" Will Graham: "I already did."

"You were supposed to leave" "Fate and circumstance has returned us to the moment the teacup shatters."

"You can make it all go away. Put your head back. Close your eyes. Wade into the quiet of the stream."


season 3:

ep1: "This isn't cannibalism, Abel. It's only cannibalism if we're equals."

ep3: Betrayal and forgiveness are best seen as something akin to falling in love.

ep6: If I saw you every day, forever, Will, I would remember this time.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

恋 の 予感 Koi no yokan

Of course I play chess it is the game made for overthinkers

Desert island reads
 Sapiens brief history of mankind
 Hunger games Mockingjay / Invisible life of Addie Larue
 Chainsaw man manga volume 11

Desert island movies:
 The Dark Knight
 Interstellar
 Jurassic park

Desert island series/anime:
 Hannibal
 Chainsaw man
 Dark

Jurassic Park
In the movie Jurassic Park, the fictional Dr. Ian Malcolm, a self-described “chaotician” attempted to illustrate his theories about chaos to his glib companions while riding in an unmanned motorized SUV:
“See…I’m right again…nobody could have predicted that Dr Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle.” — Dr. Ian Malcolm, portrayed by actor Jeff Goldblum
When asked to explain chaos further, Dr. Malcolm says that chaos “deals with predictability in complex systems,” and the essence of chaos was exemplified in that a tyrannosaur would never
“obey set patterns and park schedules”.

----------------------------

Dubito, ergo cogito, ergo sum" is a Latin phrase that translates to "I doubt, therefore I think, therefore I am". It is an extension of the more well-known phrase "cogito, ergo sum" ("I think, therefore I am"). The phrase is attributed to French philosopher and mathematician René Descartes

----------------------------

All that we see or seem Is but a dream within a dream-Edgar Allan Poe
