MATHEMATICS-
Number 6174 Kaprekar constant It is a constant that arises when we take a 4-digit integer forms the largest and smallest numbers from its digit ,and then subtract these numbers .
Continuing with this process of forming and subtarcting we will always arrive at 6174.

Bayes theorem 
Probability of occurrence of event H (hypothesis) when we know that another event E (evidence) is occured in past isP(H|E)=(P(E|H)*P(H))/P(E) where P(A) is prior , P(B|A) is likelihood and P(H|E) is posterior 
(believe about the hypothesis) The new evidence does not completely determine your believes in vaccum it updates prior believe, And seeing new evidence restricts the space of possibilites.

PHYSICS
Magnetism-1)Ferromagnetism(Normal Iron ,Nickel, Copper ) 2)Paramagnetism (Al,oxgyen they are weakly attarcted to the magnetic feild ,these elements have atleast one unpaired electron in their valence shell) 
3)Diamagnetism(Graphite,Water,Superconductor they strongly repeals the magnetic feild ) the magnetism is closed effect of special relativity The Magnetic Feild is basically Electric field in other frame of 
reference.According to special relativity the moving objects contracts a little.

CHEMICAL/POLITICAL
Novichok 
It is the nerve agent that Germany believes to be used to poison Alexei Navalny an oppostion leader in Russia on 2 Sept 2020, a critic of President Vladimir Putin.The name Novichok means "newcomer",it is 
basically group of nerve agent developed in 1970s and 80s in Sovient Union. Novichok paralyses the muscles of heart and ones for breathing .Symptoms include wheezing ,pupil constricting ,high blood pressure 
feeling nauseous and sweating.Novichok agents have similar effects to other nerve agents they act by blocking the message from the nerves to muscles causing a collapse of many bodily function.Its effects can be 
slower by removing all clothing and constantly washing your skin with soup .

In 2018 Russia Spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter were left critically ill in British city of Salisbury.It is believed that Russian smeared the nerve agent on the door handle of former Russian spy's home.They 
survied the attack and other lady got exposed of poisoned and die.In 2006 Alxender Litvinenko an ex-Russian intelligence officer who had become Krelin critic and fled to UK died after his tea was poisonedby 
radioactive polonium-210.He was not so luck to be alive he died in hospital.Most recently Mr Navalny was believed to poisoned he is anti-corruption campaigner who has led nationwide protests against the 
authorities of Russia.On 15 sept Mr Navalny recovers from state of coma .


PHYSICS/MOVIE
TENENT
We live in the Twilight world There are no friends at dusk Technoloyy that can invert the Entropy of the objects.Reverse Chronology like Feynman and Wheeler's notion that Positron is the electron moving 
backwards in time.
Sator Rotas Square ->it is 5-word Latin pallindrome.
SATOR
AREPO
TENET
OPERA
ROTAS

CHEMISTRY/NOVEL
BIG FOUR 
Hydrogen cyanide also called as prussic acid.A liquid  ,the fumes of this could be inhaled .In this novel Big Four a man have been murdered by the asphixiation(suffocate ,out of oxygen) by prussic acid admitted 
through nosal area .And it is describe to be highly volatile colourless has almond smells and extremely posionous liquid (boiling point 26*C,HCN binds ireversibly to the iron atom in hemoglobin,which would then 
be unable to transport oxygen to bod cell.Other Cyanide compound is potassium cyanide which could be added to drinks.When cyanide has been used there is usally the characteristic smell of bitter almonds


BIOLOGY
SEROTONIN (substance of well-being and happiness.)/(Importance of exercise).Serotonin, or 5-hydroxytryptamine, is a neurotransmitter (a chemical that helps signals cross from one neuron (Neurons (also called 
neurones or nerve cells) are the fundamental units of the brain and nervous system, the cells responsible for receiving sensory input from the external world, for sending motor commands to our muscles, and for
transforming and relaying the electrical signals at every step in between.) to other.
It involved in many brain and body functions and is commonly known as the substance of well-being and happiness.Serotonin is produced in specialized neurons found mostly in the Raphe nuclei located along the
midline of the brainstem.(The brainstem (brain stem) is the distal part of the brain that is made up of the midbrain, pons, and medulla oblongata. Each of the three components has its own unique structure and
function. Together, they help to regulate breathing, heart rate, blood pressure, and several other important functions.)The axons of these neurons form extensive serotonergic pathways that reach almost every 
part of the central nervous system, including the cerebellum and the spinal cord.

FUNCTIONS

This is why it’s not surprising that serotonin is implicated in a vast array of brain functions,including sleep and wake cycle, appetite,mood regulation, memory and learning, temperature control,among others.

WORKING

When a serotonergic neuron is stimulated, serotonin is released into the synaptic cleft where it binds to and activates serotonin-receptorson the postsynaptic neuron.Serotonin action is then TERMINATED via 
removal of its molecules from the synaptic space.This is accomplished through a special protein called serotonin-transporter.Low levels of serotonin in the brain have been associated with depressive disorders 
and current treatments for depression aim to increase 
these levels.The most commonly prescribed medications, called “selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors”,or SSRIs, act by blocking serotonin reuptake by the transmitting neurons.This results in elevated levels of
serotonin in the synaptic space and its prolonged action on the receiving neuron.Unfortunately, because serotonin is involved in a wide range of brain functions, the side effects remain significant and may
progress to a potentially dangerous condition known as "serotonin syndrome".This syndrome is generally caused by a combination of two or more drugs used to raise the serotonin levels in the brain.If the 
medications are not discontinued, the condition may become fatal.
Nonpharmacologic methods of raising brain serotonin have shown promising results in recent studies.It has been suggested that positive mood induction, either self-induced or due to psychotherapy,correlates with
INCREASED serotonin synthesis in the brain.The interaction between serotonin synthesis and mood may therefore be 2-way, with serotonin influencing mood and mood influencing serotonin.Other methods include 
exposure to bright light and tryptophan-rich diets.To note, however, that serotonin-rich food such as bananas would NOT work because serotonin,unlike tryptophan, can NOT cross the blood brain barrier.

Finally, although it sounds like a cliché, physical exercise maybe the most effective and safest way of improving mood.Several studies suggest that serotonin levels are increased with vigorous physical activity
and that these elevated levels are maintained for several days after the exercise.


MATHEMATICS
CHAOS THEORY(SOURCE VERITASIUM)

The butter fly effect is the idea that the tiny causes, like a flay of a butter fly's wings in Brazil, can have huge effects, like setting off a tornado in Texas . Now that idea comes straight from the title of
a scientific paper published nearly 50 years ago and perhaps more than any other recent scientific concept, it has captured the public imagination like prominent references in movies like Jurassic Park, or in 
songs, books, and memes.People are so fascinated by the butterfly effect is because it gets at a fundamental question Which is, how well can we predict the future?so if you go back to the late 1600s, after Isaac
Newton had come up with his laws of motion and universal gravitation, everything seemed predictable.

we could predict eclipses and the appearances of comets with pinpoint accuracy centuries in advance. This is total determinism: 
the view that the future is already fixed,We just have to wait for it to manifest itself ,you've studied a bit of physics, this is the natural viewpoint to come away with,sure there's Heisenberg's uncertainty
principle from quantum mechanics,but that's on the scale of atoms;Pretty insignificant on the scale of people.Look at a case of a simple pendulum here to introduce an important representation of dynamical 
systems, which is phase space so some peoplemay be familiar with position-time or velocity-time graphs but what if we wanted to make a 2d plot that represents every possible state of the pendulum? 


Every possible thing it could do in one graph well on the x-axis we can plot the angle of the pendulum,and on the y-axis its velocity.And this is what's called phase space.If the pendulum has friction it will
eventually slow down and stop and this is shown in phase space by the inward spiral the pendulum swings slower and less far each time and it doesn't really matter what the initial conditionsare,we know that the
final state will be the pendulum at rest hanging straight down and from the graph it looks like the system is attracted to the origin, that one fixed point so this is called a fixed point attractor.

Now if the pendulum doesn't lose energy(in vaccum), well it swings back and forth the same way each time and in phase space we get a loop the pendulum is going fastest at the bottom but the swing is in opposite
directions as it goes back and forth the closed loop tells us themotion is periodic and predictable via phase space, So once you've defined the initial state, the entire future is determined now the pendulum can
be well understood using Newtonian physics,but Newton himself was aware of problems that did not submit to his equations so easily,particularly the three-body problem.
So calculating the motion of the Earth around the Sun was simple enough with just those two bodies but add in one more, say the moon,and it became virtually impossible ,that there was no simple solution to the
three-body problem.Poincaré had glimpsed what later became known as chaos.

Chaos really came into focus in the 1960s,when meteorologist Ed Lorenz tried to make a basic computer simulation of the Earth's atmospherehe had 12 equations and 12 variables, things like temperature, pressure, humidity and so on and the computer would print out each time step as a row of 12 numbers if he changed the numbers just a tiny bit, results diverged dramatically.Lorenz's system displayed what's become known as
sensitive dependence on initial conditions,which is the hallmark of chaos now since Lorenz was working with three variables, we can plot the phase space of his system in three dimensions.We can pick any point as
our initial state and watch how it evolves.

Here I actually started with three closely spaced initial states and they've been evolving together so far, but now they're starting to diverge.This is sensitive dependence on initial conditions in action.Now I 
should point out that there is nothing random at all about this system of equations.It's completely deterministic, just like the pendulum,so if you could input exactly the same initial conditions you would get 
exactly the same result the problem is, unlike the pendulum, this system is chaotic so any difference in initial conditions, no matter how tiny,will be amplified to a totally different final state.

It seems like a paradox, but this system is both deterministic andunpredictable because in practice, you could never know the initial conditions with perfect accuracy, and I'm talking infinite decimal places.But
the result suggests why even today with huge supercomputers,it's so hard to forecast the weather more than a week in advanceThe double pendulum, just two simple pendulums connected together, is chaotic here two
double pendulums have been released simultaneouslywith almost the same initial conditions but no matter how hard you try,a study simulating our solar system for a hundred million years into the future


So how well can we predict the future?
Not very well at all at least when it comes to chaotic systems
The further into the future you try to predict the harder it becomes and past a certain point, predictions are no better than guesses.
Chaos puts fundamental limits on what we can know about the future of systems and what we can say about their past.But there is a silver lining.Let's look again at the phase space of Lorenz's equations.If we 
start with a whole bunch of different initial conditions and watch them evolve,initially the motion is messy.But soon all the points have moved towards or onto an object the object, coincidentally, looks a bit
like a butterfly.it is the attractor

For a large range of initial conditions, the system evolves into a state on this attractor Now remember: all the paths traced out here never cross and they never connect to form a loop, If they did then they 
would continue on that loop forever and the behavior would be periodic and predictable so each path here is actually an infinite curve in a finite space.But how is that possible?
Fractals. But that's a story for another time,this particular attractor is called the Lorenz attractor,Probably the most famous example of a chaotic attractor,though many others have been found for other systems
of equations now if people have heard anything about the butterfly effect,it's usually about how tiny causes make the future unpredictable but the science behind the butterfly effect also reveals a deep and 
beautiful structure underlying the dynamics One that can provide useful insights into the behavior of a system So you can't predict how any individual state will evolve,but you can say how a collection of states
evolves and, at least in the case of Lorenz's equations,they take the shape of a butterfly.



PHYSICS (LIGHT)
How to Make UV Light Out of Your Phone's LED Flash(MAY BE)
In a recent episode of MacGyver, an improvised ultraviolet light was created from an LED. How would this work and what is a blacklight?
First of all about light ,light is an electromagnetic wave (oscillating electric and magnetic fields), but in this case the frequency is the important aspect. For some narrow range of frequencies, the human eye
can detect these waves---this is called the visible spectrum. The lower frequency waves are interpreted by our eyes as the color red, and the higher frequency would be violet.You could break this into just three
colors---red, green, blue---or a thousand colors if you prefer. 
Some says that there are seven colors were just seven regular moving objects in the sky: the Sun, Moon, Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, Venus, and Saturn. Fun fact: That's the same order as the days of the week that are
named after these objectsSaturday, Sunday and Monday are named after the celestrial bodies, Saturn, Sun and Moon, but the other days are named after Germanic gods,Tuesday (Tiw's day), Wednesday (Woden's day),
Thursday (Thor's day) and Friday (Freya's day)

In 1880, William Herschel took white light and split it into the rainbow colors with a prism. He found that if he put a thermometer in the section past the red color of light, it would still warm up. There must 
be some type of light that humans can't see, but that still heat upthe thermometer. Since it was below red, he called it infrared.The key to a useful UV light is fluorescence. It turns out that electrons in a 
bound system can only be at certain energy levels. When an electron goes from a higher to lower energy level light is produced. Further, the frequency of this light is proportional to the change in energy 
levels. This can be written as: <>Energy/h=frequency h=6.26 * 10^-34.

Typically an electron will make the quantum leap from one excited state to the ground state---just one jump making one color of light. However, for some materials, electrons make multiple transitions to ground 
state. For each transition down, they produce light---different frequency light. So here's what happens. Some light is incident on the material and this excites an electron. The electron then takes multiple down
transitions which produces different colors of light than the one that excited it. This process is called fluorescence.Of course there's a catch.

In order to get fluorescence to work, you have to start with a higher frequency light---like violet or ultraviolet. But if you shine this on some materials, it will produce light of lower frequency. UV light in,
visible light out.

Could You Make UV Light With a Flashlight?

Now we finally get to the this hack. Could you make a UV light with the LED flash on a smart phone? The answer is ... maybe.how an LED works. The Light Emitting Diode is indeed a diode---a solid state device.
The LED produces light in a similar manner to excited atomic level. In an LED, the electrons change energy levels in a solid state material. 

Really, that's the only difference. But this means that the frequency of light produced from an LED depends on the value of this energy transition. You only get one transition and therefore only one color of 
light.Then how do you make a white LED light? They are everywhere, now---but how do they work? Of course you could get a red, green and blue LED and combine them together to make a white light, but that's not
how most of them work. Instead, a white LED is either a violet or ultraviolet LED with a fluorescence material. The LED produces a high frequency light (either violet or UV) and this makes the material fluoresce
to produce other colors (lower frequency).


INFLATION COSMOLOGY
Repulsive gravitation field(Negative gravity)

PARTICLE Physics
Quarks-up,down,top,down,strange,charm
neutrino-a ghostly particle that very rarely interact with matter.
muon-electron like particle 200 time heavier than it come from space.
tau-electron like particle.

CHEMISTRY-
Manganese(Mn) can be lead to manganism, a toxic state causing "hallucination and Violence".

PHYSICS
DARK MATTER AND DARK ENERGY-
SUPERSYMMETRY(SUSY) AND STRING THEORY-Theories that could explain above two
The ancient Greeks had a great idea.The universe is simple.In their minds,all you needed to make it were four elements:earth,air,fire,and water.As theories go, it's a beautiful one.It has simplicity and 
elegance.But as theories go, it had a problem.It didn't predict anything that could be measured,and measurement is the basis of experimental science.Leucippus of Miletus came up with one of the most enduring 
scientific ideas ever.Everything we see is made up of tiny, indivisible bits of stuff called atoms.This theory is simple and elegant.The only thing wrong with Leucippus's idea is that atoms are, in fact, 
divisible.Furthermore, his atoms idea turns out to explain just a small part of what the universe is made of.Leucippus's atoms, and the things they're made of,actually make up only about 5% of what we know to be
there.Physicists know the rest of the universe,95% of it,as the dark universe,made of dark matter and dark energy.

How do we know this?

Well, we know because we look at things and we see them.That might seem rather simplistic,but it's actually quite profound.All the stuff that's made of atoms is visible.Light bounces off it, and we can see 
it.When we look out into space,we see stars and galaxies.Some of them,like the one we live in,are beautiful, spiral shapes, spinning gracefully through space.

When scientists first measured the motion of groups of galaxies in the 1930's (Fritz Zwichy theorized dark matter when he measuring mass to light ratios of various galaxies in a galaxy cluster. He found that the
total mass of the galaxy was much more than the mass that we could optically see)and weighed the amount of matter they contained,they were in for a surprise.
They found that there's not enough visible stuff in those groups to hold them together.

Later measurements of individual galaxies confirmedthis puzzling result.There's simply not enough visible stuff in galaxies to provide enough gravity to hold them together.From what we can see,they ought to fly
apart, but they don't.(By calculating velocity of galaxies which is incredibly fast)So there must be stuff there that we can't see.We call that stuff DARK MATTER.

The best evidence for dark matter today comes from measurements of something called the cosmic microwave background,the afterglow of the Big Bang,but that's another story.All of the evidence we have says that
dark matter is there and it accounts for much of the stuff in those beautiful spiral galaxies that fill the heavens.It told us that the stuff we're made of is only a small fraction of what makes up the 
universe.But there was more to come.

Early this century,Scientists studying the outer reaches of the universe confirmed that not only is everything moving apart from everything else,as you would expect in a universe that began in hot, dense big 
bang,but that the universe's expansion also seems to be accelerating.What's that about?Either there is some kind of energy pushing this acceleration,just like you provide energy to accelerate a car or gravity 
does not behaveexactly as we think.Most scientists think it's the former,that there's some kind of energy driving the acceleration,and they called it DARK ENERGY.

Today's best measurements allow us to work out just how much of the universe is dark.It looks as if dark energy makes up about 68% of the universe and dark matter about 27%,leaving just 5% for us and everything 
else we can actually see.So what's the dark stuff made of?We don't know,but there's one theory, called supersymmetry,that could explain some of it.

Supersymmetry, or SUSY for short,predicts a whole range of new particles,some of which could make up the dark matter.If we found evidence for SUSY,we could go from understanding 5% of our universe,the things we 
can actually see,to around a third.

Dark energy would probably be harder to understand,but there are some speculative theories out there that might point the way.Among them are theories that go back to that first great idea of the ancient 
Greeks,the idea that we began with several minutes ago,the idea that theuniverse must be simple.These theories predict that there is just a single element from which all the universe's wonderful diversity 
stems,a vibrating string.The idea is that all the particles we know today are just different harmonics on the string.Unfortunately, string theories todayare, as yet, untestable.

But, with so much of the universe waiting to be explored,the stakes are high.Does all of this make you feel small?It shouldn't.Instead, you should marvel in the fact that, as far as we know,you are a member of 
the only species in the universe able even to begin to grasp its wonders,and you're living at the right time to see our understanding explode.




MACHINE LEARNING
Some popular machine learning methods

Supervised learning-
In this type of learning algorithms are trained using labeled examples (in ML a target is called label) such as an input where the desired output is known . The learning algo receives a set of input along with 
the corresponding correct outputs and the algo learns by comparing its actual output and correct outputs to find errors .It then modifies the model accordingly It uses the methods likeclassification, regression,
prediction and gradient boosting It is commonly used in application where historial data predicts likely future events.For example , it can anticipate when credict card transactions are likely to be fraudulent 
or which insurance customer is likely to file a claim


IQ
Some scientists argue that intelligence is such a complicated concept that comes in so many different flavors, that it is impossible to condense it all into a single number. One common theory, proposed by 
psychologist Howard Gardner, is that there are eight different types of intelligence: interpersonal, intrapersonal, kinesthetic, linguistic, logical, musical, naturalistic, and spatial.


BLACK HOLES 
HOW BIG THEY CAN BE?
WHAT ARE TYPES OF BLACK HOLES WHICH WE DID NOT FOUND OUT?
WHAT IS LARGEST BLACK HOLE / SINGULAR BODY EVER?

The largest things in the  universe are black holes. In contrast to things like planets or  stars they have no physical sizelimit,  and can literally grow endlessly. Although in  reality specific things need to 
happen to create different kinds of black holes, from really tiny  ones to the largest single things in the universe.   If they do, they are probably the oldest  objects in the universe, older even than atoms.
They would have formed just after the big bang, when the universe was so dense with  violent energy, that any tiny pocket that was just slightly more dense than  its neighbors could produce a black hole.The 
smallest Primordial Black Hole that  could still be around would be a trillion kilograms or so, the mass of a big mountain.  And yet they would be no bigger than a proton. 

A Primordial Black hole with the mass of  earth would barely be larger than a coin.This makes them very hard to find, so we  haven’t actually observed any yet – if  they exist they may even be the mysterious 
dark matter that holds galaxies together.Let’s move on to the kinds of black holes  that we know for sure ARE out there.

Stellar Black Holes make a black hole we need to compress enough  matter so that it collapses into itself. After  that, the more mass we throw at it, the  larger it becomes. In today's universe,  only the most 
violent cosmic events can create  the necessary conditions, such as the merger of neutron stars or when the core of a very massive  star collapses in a supernova.

To have a unit to work with here, we’ll use the mass of our sun,  about 2 million trillion trillion kilograms.The smallest known black hole  has 2.7 times the mass of the sun  which works out as a sphere around 
16 km  in diameter, large enough to cover Paris.Another lightweight black hole is the  companion to the V723 Mon red giant star. 

This star is 24 times larger than our sun,  30 million kilometer in diameter. And yet,  it is thrown around by a tiny black hole  just 17.2 km wide. This tiny thing bullying  the star is so much smaller that we
can  barely even show them in comparison.One of the largest known stellar black holes is  M33 X-7. It currently spends its time eating a 70  solar mass blue giant, bit by bit.

 As all that  stolen matter circles towards the black hole,  like water going down a drain, friction heats  it up to temperatures high enough to shine  500,000 times brighter than our Sun! And  yet, X-7 is 
‘only’ 15.65 solar masses  and 92 km wide, just big enough  to cast a shadow on Corsica.To grow much larger, black holes have to either  devour a lot of stars or better, merge with one  another. The instruments
that make it possible  to detect these mergers are very new so we are  currently discovering a lot of exciting things.  Like two massive black holes that we detected in  a galaxy 17 billion lightyears away. As 
they spun  around each other violently, they released more  energy in the form of gravitational waves than the  combined light from all the stars in the milky way  in 4400 years. The new black hole they formed 
is  about the size of Germany and is 142 solar masses.And here we hit a curious gap in scale.There are lots of black holes up to 150 solar  masses. And then there is nothing for a long  time.

Until we suddenly hit black holes,  that are millions of times more massive.Which is a bit confusing, because we had this  idea that black holes are consistently growing  and growing. But for the most massive
black holes  this process is not fast enough to explain their  existence today. The universe is simply not  old enough for these supermassive black holes  to have formed by eating stars and merging with  each 
other. Something else must have happened.To explain how we got the largest black  holes in the universe, we might need the  largest stars that ever existed: Quasi Stars.  

To get a sense of scale, we can compare them  to the largest stars that exist today. Our  Sun is like a grain of sand next to them.We don’t know if Quasi Stars actually existed but  they are an interesting 
concept when it comes to  supercharging black hole development. The idea is  that the matter in the early universe was so dense  that quasi stars could grow to thousands of  times the mass of our sun. The cores 
of these  stars might have been crushed by their own weight  so much to actually collapse into black holes  while the star was still forming. In contrast to  stars today that would destroy themselves in the  
process, inside quasi stars, a deadly balance  could emerge. Gravity pressed the supermassive  star together, feeding the black hole and heating  the material falling in to such a degree that the  radiation 
pressure kept the star stable. And so  these quickly growing black holes might have been  able to consume the quasi star for millions of  years and grow far bigger than any modern stellar  black hole.

Black holes several thousand times the  mass of the Sun and wider than the entire earth.These black holes might have become  the seeds for supermassive black holes.Supermassive black holesSo now, we arrive at 
the kings of our  universe, the largest single bodies in  existence. The centers of most galaxies contain a  super massive black hole, and they are monstrous.In the Milky Way we have Sagittarius A  Star, a super
massive black hole with  about 4 million solar masses that is calm and  collected and just does its thing. We know  it sits there because we can see a number of stars  being thrown around by a seemingly empty
spot.  And despite its incredible  mass, it’s radius is still  only 17 times our sun. Smaller than most giant  stars, but millions of times more massive.Because Supermassive black holes are so  massive and
located at the center of galaxies,  many people imagine them as being a bit like  the Sun in the solar system.

An anchor that  glues everything else together and forces it into  an orbit. But this is a misconception. While the  sun makes up 99.86% of all the mass in the solar  system, SuperMassive Black Holes usually 
only have  0.001% of the mass of their galaxy. The billions  of stars in galaxies are not gravitationally  bound to them, instead it is the gravitational  effect of dark matter which holds them together.Many 
supermassive black holes aren’t gentle  giants, especially when they are feeding on  the clouds of mass in their galaxy. The one at the  center of the BL Lacertae galaxy is devouring so  much material that it 
produces jets of plasma  accelerated to nearly the speed of light.  If Earth were orbiting this huge body, it would  seem 115 times larger than our Sun in the sky…  and we’d be burnt to a crisp in seconds  by 
its glowing hot accretion disk.At this point black holes become so large that  stars seem ridiculously tiny compared to them.The galaxy Cygnus A has a super massive black hole  with 2.5 billion solar masses and 
14.7 billion km  wide, which would mean that if it took the place  of our Sun, it would swallow all the planets and  stretch halfway to the edge of our Solar System.  

It is devouring so much mass and material that it  churns its disk into a kind of magnetic funnel,  spewing gas out making tremendous radio lobes,  towering over the galaxy, half a million light  years in 
diameter. That is 2.5 Milkyways wide.Another pretty large Super Massive Black  hole sits in the galaxy Messier 87. It  has 6.5 billion solar masses and was the  first black hole we got an actual photo of.  Or 
rather of the glowing gas around  the edge of a menacing shadow.  

This sphere of darkness is so large  that it covers our entire Solar System.And yet, there is a scale even  above these kinds of objects...Ultramassive black holesNow we reach the most massive black holes, 
perhaps  the largest single bodies that will ever exist.  These black holes have eaten so much that they've  grown to tens of billions of solar masses, their  gravity the engine for a ‘quasar’- an accretion 
disk shining brighter than thousands of galaxies  full of stars. So massive that they deserve a  title of their own - Ultramassive Black Holes.The Ultra Massive Black Hole at the center of  galaxy OJ 287 is 18 
billion solar masses. It  is so big that it has a Super Massive black hole,  nearly forty times larger than sagittarius A star,  orbiting it! This thing defies imagination  and is really hard to compare to 
anything.  

It can comfortably fit three Solar  Systems side by side inside of it.Let us end this insane competition  and get to the king of kings.TON 618, a black hole that we can observe  consuming galaxies worth of
matter is  shining with the brightness of a hundred trillion  stars, visible from 18 billion light years away.  It has an incredible 66 billion solar masses.  A black hole so large that it would take light  a 
week to reach the singularity after  crossing the event horizon. About 11  Solar Systems could sit inside of it side  by side. It may very well be the largest  single body in the universe. But in  reality, it is
probably even larger.  Since TON 618 is so far away, we only see  what it looked like 10 billion years ago.In any case, black holes are scary and mysterious  and gigantic. They will be here after everything  
else dies, and growing larger and larger.So now let us do the trip again. From  the smallest possible black hole,  all the way up to the largest.

Let’s try something new today,  we can call it: “Behind the Lies”  a short behind the scenes bit about the  necessary inaccuracies in this video  because it's really not actually possible  to rank black holes 
like trading cards.How so? Well, while we have catalogued  millions of stars, we really only have  good data on a couple of dozen black holes.  That’s because black hole gazing wasn’t really  a thing until 50 
years ago – and technically  still isn’t, because we can’t see black holes.We can only derive their properties from studying  their gravitational effects on the matter around  them, like the orbit of stars that
come close  to them. This effect depends on the mass of the  black hole, which we can approximate at  the most basic level with Kepler’s Laws.  But this comes with huge  uncertainties and error bars.  

Then we have to convert mass to size  next, which brings new uncertainties.  For example, we calculated the radius from the  mass using the Schwarzschild equation which for  the sake of simplicity assumes black 
holes are  perfectly round and don’t spin: a kind of black  hole that doesn’t really exist. The reality is  that physics on these scales is a bit fuzzy.So some of the black holes we talked about  here may be way
smaller or way bigger. 

We  just don’t know for sure. We shimmied around  this problem by comparing different sources  with different kinds of values and using  different mass calculations to arrive  at a standardized list that allowed
us  to be as accurate as humanly possible.  You can look at all of this in our source doc. As  a result this script was written with the tears of  experts we drove crazy with our obsession  for the best values 
they could live with.In this process, tons of stuff  got cut and didn’t make it into  the final video – but luckily we  found a way to not waste all of it:We created a lot of black hole merch, spanning the  
whole range from somewhat bonkers to more serious. 
 This way we get to explore a topic  from different angles – and you  get to continue having fun with  black holes after this video ends.


COMPUTER SCIENCE
JURRAIC PARK BOOK
In computer terminology, an “object” was a block of code that could be moved around and used, theway you might move a chair in a room. An object might be a set of commands to draw a picture, or to refresh the 
screen, or to perform a certain calculation


5/535, Old Mahabalipuram Rd, Nehru Nagar, Thoraipakkam, Tamil Nadu 600096

BIOLOGY
BIG BANG THEORY ... LICHEN->ALGAE+FUNGI
Lichen is the species made of two species Algae and Fungi
Then what is species you want to combine to
And why?
WHAT IS ALGAE
Algae are defined as a group of predominantly aquatic, photosynthetic, and nucleus-bearing organisms that lack the true roots, stems, leaves, and specialized multicellular reproductive structures of plants.
WHY IT IS IMPORTANT
Algae form organic food molecules from carbon dioxide and water through the process of photosynthesis, in which they capture energy from sunlight. ... Algae produce an estimated 30 to 50 percent of the net 
global oxygen available to humans and other terrestrial animals for respiration
Algal cells are eukaryotic and contain three types of double-membrane-bound organelles: the nucleus, the chloroplast, and the mitochondrion.
The blue-green algae (Cyanophyceae or Cyanophycophyta) are prokaryotic algae. In these algae, their nuclear materials, deoxyribo-nucleic acid (DNA), is not delimited from the remainder of the protoplasm by a 
nuclear membrane, but rather it is dispersed to some degree throughout the cell.
Harmful algae and cyanobacteria (sometimes called blue-green algae) can produce toxins (poisons) that can make people and animals sick and affect the environment. ... Algae and cyanobacteria can rapidly grow out
of control, or “bloom,” when water is warm, slow-moving, and full of nutrients

FUNGUS
fungus (plural: fungi or funguses) is any member of the group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds, as well as the more familiar mushrooms. ... A characteristic that 
places fungi in a different kingdom from plants, bacteria, and some protists is chitin in their cell walls
Fungi are everywhere. Sometimes, they are too small to see with the naked eye. Fungi can live outdoors in soil and on plants; indoors on surfaces and in the air; and on people's skin and inside the body. There
are millions of fungal species, but only a few hundred of them can make people sick

Some type of fungus makes ants zombies
The Ophiocordyceps unilateralis fungus has just one goal: self-propagation and dispersal. Researchers think the fungus, found in tropical forests, infects a foraging ant through spores that attach and penetrate 
the exoskeleton and slowly takes over its behavior.
As the infection advances, the enthralled ant is compelled to leave its nest for a more humid microclimate that’s favorable to the fungus’s growth. The ant is compelled to descend to a vantage point about 10 
inches off the ground, sink its jaws into a leaf vein on the north side of a plant, and wait for death.
Meanwhile, the fungus feeds on its victim’s innards until it’s ready for the final stage. Several days after the ant has died, the fungus sends a fruiting body out through the base of the ant’s head, turning its
shriveled corpse into a launchpad from which it can jettison its spores and infect new ants.


PHYSICS
WHAT IS THE ANTHROPIC PRINCIPLE?
Key Takeaways
The anthropic principle suggests that the universe is finely tuned for human existence.

It posits that the fundamental constants and conditions necessary for life are incredibly precise.You've just checked into your hotel room for a weekend's getaway. Thrilled by the accoutrements, you immediately
walk onto the room's balcony to take in the eighth floor view. Unfortunately, the guardrail gives way the instant you lean on it. You plummet, falling head over heels toward the pavement of the street below.

You scream, but for some reason you don't feel the splat and splintering of every bone in your body. No, instead you find yourself immersed in an immense, soft bed. Of all the vehicles to fall into, you managed 
to hit an open trailer full of defective pillows from the local bedding factory.
Why is it that conditions were just right for your survival? Cosmologists often apply this question to life on Earth with the Goldilocks principle, which ponders why Earth is "just right" for life. The anthropic
principle tackles an even greater question: Why is the universe itself just right for life?

For instance, when you compare the electromagnetic force to gravity, we find that electromagnetism is 39 times stronger, according to physicist and author Victor J. Stenger. And that's handy because if the tw
powers were more evenly matched, stars wouldn't burn long enough for life to develop on an orbiting planet. Scientists refer to this as an anthropic coincidence, or a coincidence related to mankind's very 
existence.

Here's another example that Stenger reminds us of: A vacuum in the universe is a lot less dense than we previously thought (139 times less dense, in fact). That's significant because if the original higher estimates had been correct, the universe would have blown apart eons ago.

So if certain conditions in our universe were just a little off, life would have never evolved. Just how is it that we're so fortunate? Of all possible universes, why did ours turn out like it did?
In 1974, astronomer Brandon Carter tackled this quandary by introducing the anthropic principle. Carter hypothesized that anthropic coincidences are part of the universe's very structure and that chance has 
nothing to do with it. He proposed two variants:Weak anthropic principle: This response to anthropic coincidence may sound like a slice of common sense. Simply put, Carter pointed out that if our universe 
weren't hospitable to life, then we wouldn't be here to wonder about it. As such, there's no sense in asking why.

Strong anthropic principle: In this version, Carter draws on the notion of the Copernican Principle, which states that there's nothing special or privileged about Earth or humanity. He states that since we live 
in a universe capable of supporting life, then only life-supporting universes are possible.Cosmologists have devised more than 30 additional takes on the anthropic principle [source: Stenger]. They include the 
quantum physics-flavored participatory anthropic principle, which states that no universe can be real until it is observed, and the final anthropic principle, which holds that intelligence is a necessary 
property of the universe; once created it can never be destroyed.
There but for fortune, this universe might not have permitted the evolution of intelligent life, so the anthropic principle is a scientific attempt to address the question "Why?"




COMPUTER SCIENCE
Turing test, in artificial intelligence, a test proposed (1950) by the English mathematician Alan M. Turing to determine whether a computer can “think.”
There are extreme difficulties in devising any objective criterion for distinguishing “original” thought from sufficiently sophisticated “parroting”; indeed, any evidence for original thought can be denied on 
the grounds that it ultimately was programmed into the computer. Turing sidestepped the debate about exactly how to define thinking by means of a very practical, albeit subjective, test: if a computer acts, 
reacts, and interacts like a sentient being, then call it sentient. To avoid prejudicial rejection of evidence of machine intelligence, Turing suggested the “imitation game,” now known as the Turing test: a 
remote human interrogator, within a fixed time frame, must distinguish between a computer and a human subject based on their replies to various questions posed by the interrogator. By means of a series of such 
tests, a computer’s success at “thinking” can be measured by its probability of being misidentified as the human subject.
But in the year 1980, Mr John Searle proposed the “Chinese room argument“. He argued that the Turing test could not be used to determine “whether or not a machine is considered as intelligent like humans”. He 
argued that any machine like ELIZA and PARRY could easily pass the Turing Test simply by manipulating symbols of which they had no understanding. Without understanding, they could not be described as “thinking” 
in the same sense people do. We will discuss more this in the next article. 
In 1990, The Newyork business man Hugh Loebner announce to reward $100,000 prize for the first computer program to pass the test. however no AI program has so far come close to passing an undiluted Turing Test


	
COMPUTER SCIENCE
What is <meta charset="utf-8">?
Let's break down the line <meta charset="utf-8"> to derive its meaning:
<meta> is a HTML tag that contains metadata about a web page, or more specifically, descriptors that tell search engines what type of content a web page contains that is hidden from display.charset is an HTML 
attribute that defines the character encoding for your browser to use when displaying the website content.utf-8 is a specific character encoding.
In other words, <meta charset="utf-8"> tells the browser to use the utf-8 character encoding when translating machine code into human-readable text and vice versa to be displayed in the browser.

Why 'utf-8'?
Today, more than 90% of all websites use UTF-8. Before TF-8 became the standard, ASCII was used. Unfortunately, ASCII only encodes English characters, so if you used other languages whose alphabet does not 
consist of English characters, the text wouldn't be properly displayed on your screen.
For example, say I wanted to display some Arabic text that says "Hello World!" on a screen using the following snippet of code with the charset set equal to ascii:
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
	<meta charset="ascii"> <!-- char encoding is set equal to ASCII -->
	</head>
	<body>
	<h1>!مرحبا بالعالم</h1>
	</body>
	</html>
Now, if you go to your browser, you'll see that the text is displayed as gibberish 🥴:
"Hello World!" in Arabic using ASCII charset
However, if we change the charset to utf-8, the code is as follows:

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8"> <!-- char encoding is set equal to UTF-8 -->
	</head>
	<body>
	<h1>!مرحبا بالعالم</h1>
	</body>
</html>
	The text is now displayed properly 🥳:

"Hello World!" in Arabic using UTF-8 charset
Thus, UTF-8 was created to address ASCII's shortcomings and can translate almost every language in the world. Because of this and its backward compatibility with ASCII, almost all browsers support UTF-8.
What if I forget to include <meta charset="utf-8"> in my HTML file?Don't worry — HTML5 to the rescue! 🦸
The default character encoding used in HTML5 is UTF-8. This means if you include <!DOCTYPE html> at the top of your HTML file (which declares that it's an HTML5 file), it'll automatically use UTF-8 unless specified otherwise.
Furthermore, most browsers use UTF-8 by default if no character encoding is specified. But because that's not guaranteed, it's better to just include a character encoding specification using the <meta> tag in your HTML file.
